so I'm pretty in touch with the female
side of myself
aka I see these movies as guilty
pleasures because I still stand that a
walk to remember is a masterpiece when
it comes to the Romantic genre that is
my opinion and I will state it as fact
so imagine my face when I see another
movie about a musician being raised by a
single father getting flirted on by a
high school athlete while she has a
terminal illness I'm a sucker for those
I'm not saying that this one is great
that it's phenomenal it's got its cheesy
moments it's a quick stream in in my
opinion but it also stars Arnold
Schwarzenegger son let me explain so if
you saw this in theaters the place was
probably going to be packed with middle
schoolers like it was for me since this
is like a CW cinema release Bella Thorne
has this thing called XP which means
she's got to live like most rappers
under house arrest since she's not
allowed to see the Sun because it'll
hurt her but every night she's able to
go out and she sneaks to the train
station and plays her guitar by the
tracks like she's the greasy strangler
until one day Terminator jr. over here
walks up to her and of course she
nervously walks away because she's
moonstruck but leaves behind her
notebook dude obviously finds her they
take a walk to remember and they chill
until dawn breaks and she's got a dip
before sunrise here's the thing my man
here is clueless and she doesn't say
anything about the big cygnus she has
and keeps him out of the loop I find
that funny because this is one of those
movies where they like explain
everything to the audience there are
moments where the dads breaking down his
daughters onus to the doctor who
diagnosed her but besides all the
exposition that they put in the movie to
you know inform the audience she doesn't
tell commando anything right and they
just keep hanging out right after
Twilight they travel and go all
Sleepless in Seattle until it happens
one night so yeah it's like 2 o'clock in
the morning in the movie and randomly
they enter into a coke commercial while
she's playing on the street as if all
these people would really show up they
then waste more time when they go
skinny-dipping since you know screw XP
let's die of hypothermia and then of
course they end up losing track of time
as the eternal sunshine breaks through
at 5 in the morning and she gets
extremely sick now look I get it if
you've never been kissed now you don't
want to ruin any chance to you know get
it right you'd show up on that boat that
he keeps buh
think about sailing even though you know
you're sick in the middle of the day
some blazing looking like spongebob when
he was in Sandy's dome just cuz you
don't want to ruin it with Bay right you
want them to like you but girl you can't
love no one when you're dead obviously
what they have is love actually and he
helps her live on her final days of the
full list as her condition gets worse
and he even surprises her at a certain
point at a studio as they record her
song that all of the musicians randomly
know as well but little does she know
that it would be her last song okay I'm
done with those here's my thing with
this movie right I know me before you
did something similar and people went
crazy over it and for some reason this
one isn't getting any attention but that
ending that ending when she decides that
she wants to actually go on that boats
and sail with the dude know and good and
well that she's going to die and yet the
dad friend and boy toy I'll allow it
ain't that assisted suicide I mean y'all
Jason kiddin it over here with this
murder right I get she only has a
limited time to live but you at least
got a hope for the best not leave her
out to fry either way her song makes it
big on the radio which I guess means she
lives on her family and friends move on
in memory of her and the audience of
middle schoolers in my screening is left
with the biggest lesson of the mall
don't drag long in your dates or you'll
die thinking either checking out this
video as always let me know your
thoughts down below in the comments
section of course it wasn't going to be
as good as a walk to remember if you
haven't seen that then go watch it and
have a night that you will remember it
because it is the best romantic movie
that's out there let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you some
sunscreen